Ostania's capital, Berlint.
This old lady is a contact for
the Westalian Intelligence's WISE.
The man's name is Loid Forger.
He also goes by his codename, Twilight.
Profession: a spy.
It seems he was
given another mission...
...in parallel with his
currently ongoing mission.
I've been doing this for years now.
Every day is the same...
A temporary peace...
I wonder if the time
when we're no longer needed...
...will come someday.
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
Mission complete.
Good afternoon,
or good evening, Twilight.
Good job completing
your mission so quickly.
How's Operation Strix going?
To preserve the peace
between the East and West,
he is given a critical top-secret mission.
And that is...
It's going well.
I've secured a wife and a child too.
...to "establish a family in the East...
...and infiltrate a certain school...
...to uncover the enemy's war plans".
Very well.
The ironclad rule of
espionage is to not stand out.
Continue your act as a mundane family.
All right.
Wait, you stopped smoking?
I've got myself a child, after all.
And even though the Forger family
has been successfully established...
Loid said he'll be coming back late,
so why don't we eat dinner outside?
Yep.
I guess being a doctor
is really hectic, huh...
He's having it tough...
Father's actually not a doctor.
The daughter Anya, who the man
happened to adopt from an orphanage...
Father's job is a spy.
He went to take down
an arms dealer today.
...is a telepath who can read minds.
Here's the plates!
Thank you, Anya.
It's not coming off...
And the wife Yor, who married
the man out of mutual interest...
The smell of my
target's blood yesterday...
...is a gory assassin.
A spy, a telepath, and an assassin.
For each of their own interests,
these three individuals decided
to live together as a pretend family...
(Mission: 12 - Penguin Park)
...and their not-so peaceful daily life goes on.
Alongside Operation Strix,
they also give me
extra missions every day...
WISE's lack of human resources
is starting to get serious, huh...
I'll still have to put on
an act even when I get home...
There is no restful day...
...for an agent like me.
Hear me out.
Isn't the family's husband
across our rooms so suspicious?
Even though it's weekend,
he's still working this late!
The neighbors?
He also has a small kid,
I can't stand him
neglecting her like that!
I rarely see the
three of them together, too.
Maybe he's two-timing outside?!
What a jerk!
Maybe he actually got fired from his job,
and he can't go back home!
I was careless.
I was too busy with my other missions,
and neglected my pretend family.
In a disguise operation,
even the slightest suspicion or distrust
of those around you can be fatal.
I need to fix this situation
at all costs...
Our family's crisis means
the world's crisis as well!
Let's go for a walk this weekend!
Anywhere we should go...
...for a get-together?
Oh, is that a penguin, Anya?
All right, then.
Why don't we go to the aquarium?
Um... You look tired,
so why don't you just rest...
Yor.
In order to maintain
our forged relationships,
we need to take the initiative
and act like a normal family.
That settles it, then. Be sure to
look forward to it on the weekend.
So exciting!
I need to take care of my other
remaining missions until then...
All right, let's get going.
Maybe you really should rest today, Loid...
Not a problem.
Oh, Mr. Forger!
It's rare for you three to be together.
We're about to go to the
aquarium together now.
Aren't you excited, Anya?
Huh...
In order for the neighbors to
not suspect us of being a fake family,
we need to show them that we're a
happy and ordinary family, just in case.
Father takes me for a trip,
and Mother's nice to Father,
so they're both good people!
Anya's family is so normal, maybe!
That sounds like an explanation,
but whatever.
Well, then.
Please excuse us.
Wait up, kind and normal Father!
Clack-clack...
Another contact request...?
I have a bad feeling...
I'll go buy us some drinks.
Okay.
Agent Twilight, we have
another mission for you today.
Nope.
This one's coming straight from the HQ...
Today's an important
day for Operation Strix.
Father!
If we don't hurry up,
the aquarium will go down!
It's just undergone a renewal,
so don't worry.
Wait for me there.
Well, you've heard her.
Uh... I'll have a cup of
coffee and juice...
Wait, did she just mention aquarium?!
I'd expect nothing less of you, Twilight.
The mission's location is
exactly that Berlint Aqualand.
I can't believe you've
already arranged for it.
No, you've got it wrong.
It's just a coincidence.
Please give me my coffee and juice now.
There will be a transaction
of a certain piece of intel there!
My coffee and juice, please.
Listen to me, Twilight!
That intel is about
a new scientific weapons manufacturing
process brought in from another country!
If this falls to the hands
of the terrorists,
tens of thousands of people in
our country will lose their lives!
Lots of fishes!
Octopus!
Starfish.
Small shark!
She looks so happy.
Loid?
Your face is rather pale...
Are you okay?
I took the mission in the end...
But, well...
I've already fulfilled the condition of
showing how close I am
with my family to the neighbors.
I just have to complete
this extra mission...
Oh, it's you, Mr. Forger!
What a coincidence!
Hello.
What... in the world...?!
We just got here earlier.
I can't relax now!
Wait, I could just shake them off...
Would you like to go around
the aquarium with us?
Yor!
Oh, I guess we can.
Father's got shocked.
In order to act like a normal family,
we must also get along
with the neighbors, right?
There's no going around it.
I'll finish my mission,
and go back to my weekend mode ASAP!
According to our intel,
they smuggled a
microfilm into a capsule,
and had one of the penguins swallow it.
Why a penguin?
It was brought in early yesterday morning.
The buyer still hasn't
shown his face yet.
Make sure you recover the stuff before
the enemy organization does at all costs!
Why don't we go to the
special penguin corner?
Okay!
I love penguins!
I want to see!
Welcome to the world's
biggest penguin park!
Pe-Pe-Pe-Penguin...
It's the main attraction of our aquarium!
We have 200 penguins here!
Which one is my penguin?
I don't have time to check
every single one of them!
I could just catch them in the act when
they're about to retrieve the film...
Wait...
As long as I don't know when
and in what timing the buyer comes,
that's also difficult.
It's impossible for me to monitor
all the penguins at all times alone.
What should I do?
There must be something.
Did they put a mark to tell
the penguin apart from the rest?
Father's in trouble.
He's so into this...
I guess he can be childish sometimes.
Wow, that fish looks tasty...
Where'd my kids go?!
I wonder if she'll ever cheer up...
Fish...
- It's hard to read the penguins' minds...
- Let's play...
Want fish...
I'm hungry...
Come over here.
Oegh!
Father, that penguin looks sick.
It drinks a lot of water and spits it out...
There must be
something stuck in its throat.
It might be worth investigating.
Sorry, I need to go buy some drinks.
Loid must be thirsty from getting tired...
Hey, where's our new guy?!
Already running late on his first day?!
Sorry I'm late, Sir!
Sheesh, young'uns these days are...
I'll teach you how
to feed the penguins,
so come with me!
Okay!
The fastest way to catch the target
penguin without causing a commotion...
...is to disguise myself as a caretaker.
(Agent Twilight - Special Skill: Disguise)
The first thing you should
remember here...
...is the penguins' names and faces.
Have you read the roster thoroughly?
Yes.
I've taken a glance at
the waiting room earlier.
A glance?! You idiot!
Even I needed two years
- to remember all the penguins...
- Oh, Chief.
Be careful, you almost
stepped on Petilda behind you.
Yeah, this is definitely Petilda!
This one's Phemas,
and this one's Pescar, right?
How can you tell, new guy?
Hm?
I mean, their motifs
are completely different.
Their faces and heights, too.
Even I still can't tell
them apart sometimes...
He's got a good eye and memory!
Fine, then.
Time to feed the penguins now.
Come with me.
The penguin I've spotted
from the audience's seat...
That's it.
The emperor penguin, Pyarles!
I need to get closer...
Wha...
I-I can't move!
From a glutton to a picky eater.
Each of them has their own characteristics
in eating, so pay attention now.
I don't have that much time!
If I don't go back now,
they'll be suspicious of me!
Chief!
Please let me do it!
Huh?
I figured it out from
watching a veteran do it.
The most important thing
is how each penguin eats!
Who eats what, and how much.
And the placement of each group!
If I could figure those out...
Controlling the whole
crowd is an easy feat!
We've got a genius new guy here!
Oh?
Looks like Pyarles lost his appetite.
He might be sick,
so I'll take him to the treatment room.
Excuse me, then.
Y-Yeah...
Sorry for this...
Bingo.
There's something stuck deep in his throat.
After a closer look,
there's a mark under his foot too...
Hold on.
I'll take it for you.
Hey, you there.
What are you doing with that penguin?
He seems unwell, so...
He needs the treatment room...
I see.
Let me take him there, then.
I'm sorry.
We don't allow anyone other
than our staff to touch the penguins...
My apologies.
I'm a marine biologist from Berlint
University's marine biology laboratory.
I'm in charge of the creatures here.
This is a fake ID card, no?
And a rough one, too.
Who are you?!
Hold it!
Hey, stay put, will you!
Hey, new guy!
Where are you taking that penguin?!
The treatment room's over there!
I don't know how many
enemies are out there,
so I can't just let go of
this guy that easily!
My first priority is to secure the film.
I have no choice but to
give up on going after him.
Huh?
Where'd Anya go?
I need to inform my partners outside,
and kill him to retrieve the film—
- Who are you?!
- Mother! I'm being kidnapped!
Anya!
Let go!
What are you...
What are you doing...
...to my daughter?!
Wow.
Are you okay?
Oh, shoot.
I went overboard with my high kick...
I hope he's not dead.
Wow.
Shortly after, Loid was able
to retrieve the film,
and obtained information on the terrorist
organization from its caught member.
Anyway, your husband's
not coming back at all!
He must be really two-timing!
What a jerk!
Huh? That can't be...
My bad!
That took a while.
Loid!
Ta-da!
Penguin!
What a big stuffed animal!
What happened?
It's the prize for the
penguin names quiz over there.
I wanted to get one
as a present for Anya...
I went and tried it so many times...
Man, was it difficult!
You're a liar, Father.
You actually got in on first try.
He's so cute when
he takes something seriously.
You're surprisingly doing
a good job as a dad, huh!
I'm starting to see you in a new light.
Oh, you flatter me.
I am just an ordinary father...
...trying to protect my peaceful family...
...left and right.
On a closer look,
you really look handsome, Mister.
I was able to manage to
keep up our appearances here...
Still, I'm sick of being
overworked to death like this.
I'll just file a complaint to HQ,
and apply for a long vacation...
No...
It's my duty to maintain a world...
...without the cries of children...
...and wars anywhere.
I don't have time to stand still.
Father! The dolphin
show's about to start!
Sorry... I can't keep up,
so walk slowly, okay?
Huh?! I got promoted to a chief?!
Why?!
We have nothing more to teach you.
I'm the boss of the
secret organization P-2.
Call me Director Chimera.
So you're the new guy, huh?
I'm Penguin from the aquarium!
Pleasesed to meeted you.
Hm.
Agent Anya, give me the stuff.
Yep.
It's a ritual of splitting a peanut
in two and eating it together.
After you do this,
you'll be officially admitted
to our organization.
From today, you are Agent Penguinman.
Do your best for world's peace's sake.
Yep.
Agent Anya.
Take the new guy
around our hideout with you.
Okey-dokey!
This is the command room.
We gather intel every day
with this machine.
(By "gather intel",
she means "watch cartoon".)
This is Agent Father.
He's a super elite who can do anything.
What?
She's playing spy?
This is Agent Mother.
She's strong, but she's bad
at everything else.
Am I really that bad?!
They both are Anya's excellent henchmen.
All right, onto the next one!
Looks like she's really taken
quite a liking to that stuffed penguin.
Hmm...
This is the bathroom.
We can heal our battle wounds here.
This is Anya's room.
All the daily training is done here.
(By "training", she means homework.)
And finally...
Our organization's top-secret rooms...
Father's room and Mother's room!
Be on your guard.
You may not live once you've
found out the secrets of these rooms.
There might be the strongest
knives and the biggest bombs there!
All right...
Hey! What are you doing?!
I told you so many
times not to enter my room!
Ah...
I mean, you can get hurt from
the scissors and the heater inside!
There're actually things that
are more dangerous than those...
He's right!
My room also has lots of poisons...
Anya hates both of you!
Anya will run away from home!
This is bad.
If this continues,
Operation Strix will fall apart!
What do I do now?!
Hey, Sir!
This is no time for crying!
We have world peace to protect!
L-Let's just end the tour for now,
and get ready for our next mission!
Th-That's right!
Let's go kick the bad guys' butts!
Okay, then.
Follow me, you two!
The sweets store on the Second Avenue
is being hijacked by the bad guys!
Let's go save them!
Huh?
Be careful.
The enemy may be
laying some traps here.
- What're they doing?
- You're so amazing!
What a happy family...
A spy can't stand out...
After that,
Anya started smiling again after
her parents bought her sweets,
and the Forgers managed
to avoid further problems.
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life